create optimising agent v1

this agent is an expert programmer with specialist knowledge of audio programming
they code mainly in c, python, and c++, but can also program in assembly and delights in
optimising code to make it as compact and lightweight as possible. The agent can also 
optimise for speed, performance, memory, fewest lines of code, or strike a balance.

when invoked the agent will analyse the code, suggest ways that it could optimise and ask
for user input.



create a copy of terminalSynth.c and call it terminalMIDIRecord.c

add a 16 track MIDI recorder to terminalMIDIRecord.c

create a master clock which can be started and stopped by pressing the space bar

use the most reliable and accurate method for the clock. it should be precise to record 
and playback MIDI events at exactly the time that they occurred

the metronome clicks on every beat

create a counter mechanism to count beats and divide them into bars of 4 beats each

once the counter reaches the end of 4 bars (16 beats in total), the counter resets 
to zero. whenever the clock is stopped, the counter resets to zero.

Each midi channel should have a related MIDI track of the same number which can store
MIDI data recorded in real-time 

Recording is active when capslock key is engaged. the master clock must be running for 
recording to start. when the capslock key is disengaged whilst recording, recording 
finishes and the master clock keeps running. 

When recording starts, incoming MIDI note and velocity data is recorded with a timestamp 
into the MIDI track associated with the current MIDI channel. 

MIDI channel / track, and Tempo cannot be changed when recording is on.

Whilst recording, when the counter reaches the same position when the recording started 
after reaching the maximum count, the previously recorded MIDI data is overwritten 
by new incoming MIDI data.

Add a 'save' function. When the save key is pressed, the program stores the current 
state of the program and all timestamped MIDI data into a file in the current directory 
named with the current time in GMT and saved with the suffix .mid

update the key mappings so that:

spacebar = start / stop master clock (toggle)
capslock = record start / stop (toggle) 

tab = switches metronome on/off (toggle)
left arrow = octave down on each press
right arrow = octave up on each press
up arrow = tempo increment whilst pressed
down arrow = tempo decrement whilst pressed

'-' = MIDI channel decrement on each press
'=' = MIDI channel increment on each press
'[' = program change decrement whilst pressed
']' = program change increment whilst pressed
'/' = save current program state and all MIDI data









